you
hey guys it's Kash teeny here what's up
alright so I'm about to walk you guys
through the process of how I make my
bentonite clay and apple cider vinegar
mix I love using the bentonite clay is
amazing for cleansing the hair
moisturizing the hair defining the hair
it actually gets in there lifts the
toxins and buildup off your hair and I'm
pretty sure I can also do that on your
scalp but as you'll see I decided not to
use it on my scalp after doing it
several times but it's all natural so
you can't beat that
and it's this overall amazing for your
hair and your skin I've been using this
as my shampoo for several weeks now and
I really really learned a lot and got in
the method down so I'm super excited I
find this to be like the best way to
cleanse my hair and to get that
definition like the bentonite clay is
amazing for definition so I'm just going
to jump into what that process looks
like okay so what you'll need is
bentonite clay I get mine from Whole
Foods is the Aztec brand bentonite clay
I got it for $6.99 which is an amazing
deal next you're going to need apple
cider vinegar and I use the Bragg's
brand I get mine from Ralph's but I'm
sure you can get it at Whole Foods or
your local supermarket just check to see
if they have it there and you also need
a bowl and a wooden spoon preferably
they say metal spoons can react to the
ingredients so metal spoons is a no-no
and I always make sure I have my easy
Cape ready
that thing is a lifesaver as well as an
extra towel to kind of lay on my lap so
that anything drips I'm good so what I'm
basically doing what
fine is enough for all this hair is I
scooped out four big spoons of the Stech
mud powder and I put it into a bowl then
I get the apple cider vinegar and I kind
of just add the apple cider vinegar a
little bit at a time now I've heard you
can also use aloe vera leaf juice but I
haven't tried that yet I've been using
apple cider vinegar what you will notice
is that the apple cider vinegar reacts
with the mud by bubbling up now at first
I was like freaked out I was like is
this supposed to do that should I put it
in my hair but it's completely fine it's
supposed to do that so you're just going
to mix it together keep mixing and
adding and mixing you add and until you
get a nice smooth consistency this is
what mines look like so far so I found
that episode of vinegar works amazing as
far as getting to the right consistency
that I like I use water alone like when
I first got I just mixed it with water
and it was so chunky and lumpy and I
couldn't get it to smoothen out so I'm
loving apple cider vinegar but I do
eventually want to try the aloe vera
leaf juice all right so now that you
have your mix together I'm basically on
a pin in my hair up into like five
sections and then work on each section
individually all right so as you can see
I'm taking them to section I think in
general you want to apply it to wet hair
so I apply water to my hair until it's
nice and soaked with water then I apply
the mud to my hair and I kind of rake it
through detangling make sure I cover you
know all the strands with the mud and
what I notice is that it really defines
my hair like it makes my curls clump
together and gives me some crazy
definition while the mud is on there it
also makes detangling just super easy so
that's I love that so guys as you can
see
in this video I'm putting it close to my
scalp but the first couple of times that
I added the my wash to my scalp it was
hard to get out so even with shampoo and
everything so what I'm doing now is I'm
just applying it like up to a certain
point and then for my scalp I just I do
apple cider vinegar cleanse so I'll just
actually apply apple cider vinegar
directly to my scalp and kind of
moisturize it in I don't put the mud on
my scalp anymore because several times
it was really hard for me to get it out
so as you can see in this in this other
clip which is from another day I'm
actually applying the mud wash just like
I usually do but I'm not putting it on
my scalp alright so I'm about to finish
up the process on my whole entire head
and this is what it looks like as you
can see I decided to apply to my face
might as well do a nice face mask to
cleanse my skin as well of course I
rinse my face off first hopped in the
shower what I do is when I'm rinsing it
out I just rent it out with warm water
I actually just take down each section
individually and rinse it out find that
to be the easiest so that I make sure
that each section is getting cleaned you
can actually see the mud rinsing out in
the water so I'll actually use shampoo
to rinse out the mud and I actually I
find it that my hair is much softer when
I add conditioner so I'm using the
Trader Joe's tea tree tingle conditioner
I add that right afterwards and I let it
sit for a couple minutes and I rinse
that out and then I get out the shower
and I basically jump right into the
whole defining process and that is
pretty much the whole process so this is
a shot of my hair like right up the
shower after the mud wash as you can see
my hair is really defined
in certain spots I've noticed that the
more I use the mutt wash the more
definition I get with my washing goals
so I think it's actually really great
for definition and moisture and that is
how I cleanse my hair with the mutt wash
I usually do it once a week or you know
every time I hear needs to be washed and
I find that if I don't put on my scalp I
don't have trouble getting it out so I
just I don't have any trouble getting it
off my ends so I find that's the best
method for my hair and I've watched a
lot of videos where people put the mud
on their scalp and they don't have any
problems getting it out but for me I
don't know if it's the thickness of my
hair but or maybe I put too much on my
scalp but I don't want have to deal with
that again that wasn't fun but yeah guys
that is pretty much my tutorial hope you
guys try it maybe even try what aloe
vera leaf juice I want to try that next
and yeah I find it to be awesome it
cleanses conditions defines it's amazing
alright guys so that's pretty much it
thanks for watching peace out